heystop
[Applause]
[Music]
we have been driving our final
destination is caramel but we had to
stop along Highway 1 to see Bigsby Creek
Bridge that's a stunning spot a lot of
time away one is actually closed due to
landslides
we took the 101 all the way up came back
down to this house we hope that was
pretty impressive yeah I want to say one
thing to you mother nature
what congratulations on doing this
bridge yeah
we're onto it sometimes you saw but no
really in San Francisco but a city
outside of San Francisco where their
videos think that they're in Tampa
Hammond there's literally like an hour
out to basically rural state work she's
a huge into the genelva here in Cairo's
were deserted rail actually space Pro
for the same team that John escapes work
for live gaming so there is there's
speak for kind of so there's 8 port he's
going to shred friggin portions of like
minutes ago John got pulled over
yeah I a copper oh I just have I have
anything with your current address here
my tags are expired for the cops dollars
do they yeah what do you dude but it was
weird how he just like kept following us
okay yeah we we were like where do we
should we pull over shouldn't compete oh
yeah he's on the interstate your
progress solid mile and have like seven
stars behind us to follow me like
there's a couple hollowing people too
obvious follow me like super far behind
it I believe but I mean it's easy to
debate these things in hindsight what
you think
if we stayed on the highway he would
think it would be like you much trouble
to hold over I don't know like he I
think you would eventually oh yeah cuz
we eggs eggs for like what is the deal
if he's following us then you don't get
honestly am i any that I was trying to
get a waiver I thought okay so DB I was
like generous I got off and he thought
me he surely saw me and the bar great
this is Braille house it is a massive
state warehouse itself is crazy
got the homie jail over here nice hot
Thank You old masters replace it bigger
unreal like this it really is the
coolest part look at this there's a
trampoline
[Music]
[Applause]
Oh
we're driving back down from the San
Francisco area back to LA and we saw
these windmills look I can't stop look
at look at it a mine isn't displayed I
just I can't even with these things
did you already show the drum I rode yes
we saw these like we have to pull over
and Jerome the crap out of this do you
really I like to keep drones just
another equals video I don't really talk
about droning sometimes I just want that
seamless story what holy crap that drone
foot
he was so always kind of drone footage
of nation it did it map of my nose and
my nostrils
I play joke look at your your
pretty mouth is so pretty yes I am back
in Los Angeles it is a beautiful day I'm
actually in a city that is about an hour
out from LA I tried a pretty epic collab
it involves me getting another computer
of course the following on Instagram you
already kind of caught a hint as to what
it's going to be today was such a dope
day pretty much all day filming getting
ish done there are so many epic people
in LA in the surrounding LA areas it's
almost overwhelming but I've been super
stoked I'm kind of just like the YouTube
community lately there's a lot of good
solid people in it I promise there is
it's searching you guys thank you for
hanging around and watching the videos
and liking and commenting a few days ago
I put out a video that I've been working
on for a very long time the Cuba vlog
make sure to check that out I went to
Cuba for eight days and did a lot of
documenting and the point is to make a
documentary out of what I experienced
and the creative people I met but I gave
a little taste of it in an 8 minute vlog
that you can watch now watch it now and
I had so much fun I guess I'm just doing
a little recap of the week giving a
little bit of behind the scenes but when
I went to Santa Barbara with John it was
it was so lovely it really was a
was a saying that I've had to a vacation
in the longest time really vacations
don't exist when you're pretty much
working the entire day but there is a
person walking behind me and it's really
awkward and she's smiling and she's
looking right into my car so this is
really awkward so I'm going to keep
talking she keeps on staring and I'm
dying on the inside why is it so
embarrassing and I did capture a lot of
clips here and there because that place
is stunning
they are Barbara is stunning but funny
because I still got comments Oh like
well I hope you enjoyed it looks like
you you filmed it but that's the reason
why it was kind of a 4-minute fun
montage you edit which I had so much fun
editing by the way I got to change it up
more but I didn't film a lot on that
trip and that's why I got videos the way
it is but I still love it it's a lot of
fun but in the two days of being in
Santa Barbara I feel like I gained a lot
of clarity on some things you know and
you just have freak outs and you cry and
you call your mom in the world is ending
that might have happened but it's all
good and you know I'm just trying to
figure out this thing called life just
like you guys and then the apartment or
video the New York City apartment tour
is here I just uploaded it yesterday a
change up with my homies at Triple Net
who helped out with getting my New York
City apartment and just so stoked on how
that video turned out I finally made it
for you guys it exists stoked on it and
I wanted to use this guy a little bit
this is just a very it's a classic film
camera at the Canon 81 I've been
shooting with this a lot little teaser
for a video to come it's time for me to
head back I am going to sit in some
crazy LA traffic but you guys Rock
you're the best you really are okay if
you like this video hit that subscribe
button down below for new videos every
single week stay peachy a kick bass
[Music]